I'll go wrap these for you guys.
Wow.
Elise, great job with the gifts today.
You know what?
I want you to stop off at HR.
Grab your bonus.
Bonus for shopping?
How much?
Oh, Mr. Croft.
Don't you need me to drive you home?
No, you're not.
I'm going to meet up with my fiance.
So I'll drive myself.
You can go home too.
Great.
I'll get a gift for my roommate and then I'll head home.
Have a great day, Mr. Croft.
I can't wait to tell Eleanor about all of this.
All of this is for me?
Yeah.
Do you like it?
I adore it.
Like this must have cost a fortune.
Hey.
It's not about the cost.
Okay?
That's about us.
Ellie.
I can't risk losing any of this.
But if I bear his child,
he'll have to stay with me.
Even if he earns the truth.
Clyde.
What?
Why does it feel so strange when Ellie and I get intimate?
Hey.
Hey, you know.
You should.
You should get some rest.
Good.
Yeah.
Um.
Hey, you know, I got some stuff to do.
So I'll see you later.
Okay?
Take care of those.